# MarisIT.Api - the C# library for the MarisIT API

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

This C# SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v6
- SDK version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.CSharpClientCodegen

## Frameworks supported


- .NET 4.0 or later
- Windows Phone 7.1 (Mango)

## Dependencies


- [RestSharp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RestSharp) - 105.1.0 or later
- [Json.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) - 7.0.0 or later
- [JsonSubTypes](https://www.nuget.org/packages/JsonSubTypes/) - 1.2.0 or later

The DLLs included in the package may not be the latest version. We recommend using [NuGet](https://docs.nuget.org/consume/installing-nuget) to obtain the latest version of the packages:

```
Install-Package RestSharp
Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json
Install-Package JsonSubTypes
```

NOTE: RestSharp versions greater than 105.1.0 have a bug which causes file uploads to fail. See [RestSharp#742](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp/issues/742)

## Installation

Run the following command to generate the DLL

- [Mac/Linux] `/bin/sh build.sh`
- [Windows] `build.bat`

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:

```csharp
using MarisIT.Api.Api;
using MarisIT.Api.Client;
using MarisIT.Api.Model;

```


## Packaging

A `.nuspec` is included with the project. You can follow the Nuget quickstart to [create](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#create-the-package) and [publish](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#publish-the-package) packages.

This `.nuspec` uses placeholders from the `.csproj`, so build the `.csproj` directly:

```
nuget pack -Build -OutputDirectory out MarisIT.Api.csproj
```

Then, publish to a [local feed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/local-feeds) or [other host](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/overview) and consume the new package via Nuget as usual.


## Getting Started

```csharp
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Diagnostics;
using MarisIT.Api.Api;
using MarisIT.Api.Client;
using MarisIT.Api.Model;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public static void Main()
        {

            Configuration.Default.BasePath = "http://localhost";
            // Configure API key authorization: Bearer
            Configuration.Default.ApiKey.Add("Authorization", "YOUR_API_KEY");
            // Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
            // Configuration.Default.ApiKeyPrefix.Add("Authorization", "Bearer");

            var apiInstance = new AuthenticationApi(Configuration.Default);

            try
            {
                // Returns last 100 enquiries.
                List<History> result = apiInstance.History();
                Debug.WriteLine(result);
            }
            catch (ApiException e)
            {
                Debug.Print("Exception when calling AuthenticationApi.History: " + e.Message );
                Debug.Print("Status Code: "+ e.ErrorCode);
                Debug.Print(e.StackTrace);
            }

        }
    }
}
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AuthenticationApi* | [**History**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#history) | **POST** /api/v6/history | Returns last 100 enquiries.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**Login**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#login) | **POST** /api/v6/login | Returns authentication token to be passed to all other calls. This token should be passed in your HTTP header as Authroization: Bearer {token}
*AuthenticationApi* | [**Report**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#report) | **POST** /api/v6/report | Returns a PDF report in base64.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**TokenValid**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#tokenvalid) | **POST** /api/v6/tokenvalid | Returns true if you token is valid.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**Usage**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#usage) | **POST** /api/v6/usage | Returns account usage.
*CompuscanCommercialCompanyApi* | [**CompuscanCompanyResult**](docs/CompuscanCommercialCompanyApi.md#compuscancompanyresult) | **POST** /api/v6/compuscancompanyresult | Returns an embedded PDF company report.
*CompuscanCommercialCompanyApi* | [**CompuscanCompanySearchByName**](docs/CompuscanCommercialCompanyApi.md#compuscancompanysearchbyname) | **POST** /api/v6/compuscancompanysearchbyname | Returns a list of possible company matches using the company name. Pass one of the references to the CompanyResult call to retrieve the full report.
*CompuscanCommercialCompanyApi* | [**CompuscanCompanySearchByRegistration**](docs/CompuscanCommercialCompanyApi.md#compuscancompanysearchbyregistration) | **POST** /api/v6/compuscancompanysearchbyregistration | Returns a list of possible company matches using the company registration number. Pass one of the references to the CompanyResult call to retrieve the full report.
*CompuscanConsumerIndividualApi* | [**CompuscanConsumerTrace**](docs/CompuscanConsumerIndividualApi.md#compuscanconsumertrace) | **POST** /api/v6/compuscanconsumertrace | Returns the trace data of a consumer (individual).
*CompuscanConsumerIndividualApi* | [**CompuscanGetScore**](docs/CompuscanConsumerIndividualApi.md#compuscangetscore) | **POST** /api/v6/compuscangetscore | Returns the credit scores of a consumer (individual).
*CompuscanConsumerIndividualApi* | [**CompuscanIncomeEstimate**](docs/CompuscanConsumerIndividualApi.md#compuscanincomeestimate) | **POST** /api/v6/compuscanincomeestimate | Returns the income estimate of a consumer (individual).
*ITCApi* | [**ItcResult**](docs/ITCApi.md#itcresult) | **POST** /api/v6/itcresult | Returns consumer details for on of the searches
*ITCApi* | [**ItcSearch**](docs/ITCApi.md#itcsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/itcsearch | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using a search query. Pass one of the references to the ItcResult call to retrieve the full report.
*LifeStyleAuditApi* | [**LifeStyleAudit**](docs/LifeStyleAuditApi.md#lifestyleaudit) | **POST** /api/v6/lifestyleaudit | 
*SAFPSApi* | [**SAFPSFraudSearch**](docs/SAFPSApi.md#safpsfraudsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/safpsfraudsearch | Returns fraud data for a single supplied ID or telephone or passport number.
*TransUnionApi* | [**TUConsumerForeignPassportReport**](docs/TransUnionApi.md#tuconsumerforeignpassportreport) | **POST** /api/v6/tuconsumerforeignpassportreport | Returns full consumer data for given consumer details.
*TransUnionApi* | [**TUConsumerFraudReport**](docs/TransUnionApi.md#tuconsumerfraudreport) | **POST** /api/v6/tuconsumerfraudreport | Returns full consumer data + fraud data for given consumer details.
*TransUnionApi* | [**TUConsumerIdReport**](docs/TransUnionApi.md#tuconsumeridreport) | **POST** /api/v6/tuconsumeridreport | Returns full consumer data for given consumer details.
*TransUnionApi* | [**TUConsumerTraceByAddressAndSurname**](docs/TransUnionApi.md#tuconsumertracebyaddressandsurname) | **POST** /api/v6/tuconsumertracebyaddressandsurname | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using address and surname. Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve full consumer detail.
*TransUnionApi* | [**TUConsumerTraceByID**](docs/TransUnionApi.md#tuconsumertracebyid) | **POST** /api/v6/tuconsumertracebyid | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using ID number. Pass one of the references to the TransUnionConsumerTraceResult call to retrieve full consumer detail.
*TransUnionApi* | [**TUConsumerTraceByTelephone**](docs/TransUnionApi.md#tuconsumertracebytelephone) | **POST** /api/v6/tuconsumertracebytelephone | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using telephone number. Pass one of the references to the TransUnionConsumerTraceResult call to retrieve full consumer detail.
*TransUnionApi* | [**TUConsumerTraceResult**](docs/TransUnionApi.md#tuconsumertraceresult) | **POST** /api/v6/tuconsumertraceresult | Returns full trace data for given reference number.
*TransUnionCommercialBusinessApi* | [**TUBusinessResult**](docs/TransUnionCommercialBusinessApi.md#tubusinessresult) | **POST** /api/v6/tubusinessresult | Returns the business report.
*TransUnionCommercialBusinessApi* | [**TUBusinessSearch**](docs/TransUnionCommercialBusinessApi.md#tubusinesssearch) | **POST** /api/v6/tubusinesssearch | Returns a list of business matches searched by name. Pass one of the references to BusinessResult.
*TransUnionCommercialBusinessApi* | [**TUBusinessSearchDunsRequest**](docs/TransUnionCommercialBusinessApi.md#tubusinesssearchdunsrequest) | **POST** /api/v6/tubusinesssearchdunsrequest | Returns a list of business matches searched by duns number. Pass one of the references to BusinessResult.
*TransUnionCommercialBusinessApi* | [**TUBusinessSearchRegistrationRequest**](docs/TransUnionCommercialBusinessApi.md#tubusinesssearchregistrationrequest) | **POST** /api/v6/tubusinesssearchregistrationrequest | Returns a list of business matches searched by registration number. Pass one of the references to BusinessResult.
*VericredApi* | [**VericredContactInformation**](docs/VericredApi.md#vericredcontactinformation) | **POST** /api/v6/vericredcontactinformation | Returns contact information for a supplied ID number.
*VericredApi* | [**VericredGetEstimateIncome**](docs/VericredApi.md#vericredgetestimateincome) | **POST** /api/v6/vericredgetestimateincome | Returns the income estimate for a supplied ID number.
*VericredApi* | [**VericredPersonalVerification**](docs/VericredApi.md#vericredpersonalverification) | **POST** /api/v6/vericredpersonalverification | Returns personal information for a supplied ID number.
*VerifyApi* | [**CriminalCheck**](docs/VerifyApi.md#criminalcheck) | **POST** /api/v6/criminalcheck | Submit a request for an individual's criminal record. You will be notified when the report is ready. Use the reference and pass to the CriminalCheckReport.
*VerifyApi* | [**CriminalCheckReport**](docs/VerifyApi.md#criminalcheckreport) | **POST** /api/v6/criminalcheckreport | 
*VerifyApi* | [**DeathCertificate**](docs/VerifyApi.md#deathcertificate) | **POST** /api/v6/deathcertificate | Submit a request for an individual's death certificate. You will be notified when the report is ready. Use the reference and pass to the DeathCertificateReport.
*VerifyApi* | [**DeathCertificateReport**](docs/VerifyApi.md#deathcertificatereport) | **POST** /api/v6/deathcertificatereport | 
*VerifyApi* | [**DriversLicence**](docs/VerifyApi.md#driverslicence) | **POST** /api/v6/driverslicence | Submit a request for an individual's drivers licences. You will be notified when the report is ready. Use the reference and pass to the DriversLicenceReport.
*VerifyApi* | [**DriversLicenceReport**](docs/VerifyApi.md#driverslicencereport) | **POST** /api/v6/driverslicencereport | 
*VerifyApi* | [**MatricCertificate**](docs/VerifyApi.md#matriccertificate) | **POST** /api/v6/matriccertificate | Submit a request for an individual's matric certificate. You will be notified when the report is ready. Use the reference and pass to the MatricCertificateReport.
*VerifyApi* | [**MatricCertificateReport**](docs/VerifyApi.md#matriccertificatereport) | **POST** /api/v6/matriccertificatereport | 
*WindeedCIPCApi* | [**CipcCompanyResult**](docs/WindeedCIPCApi.md#cipccompanyresult) | **POST** /api/v6/cipccompanyresult | Returns company report for one of the references.
*WindeedCIPCApi* | [**CipcCompanySearch**](docs/WindeedCIPCApi.md#cipccompanysearch) | **POST** /api/v6/cipccompanysearch | Returns a list of possible company matches by company name. Pass one of the references to the CompanyResult call to retrieve the full report.
*WindeedCIPCApi* | [**CipcCompanySearchReg**](docs/WindeedCIPCApi.md#cipccompanysearchreg) | **POST** /api/v6/cipccompanysearchreg | Returns a list of possible company matches by company registration number. Pass one of the references to the CompanyResult call to retrieve the full report.
*WindeedCIPCApi* | [**CipcDirectorResult**](docs/WindeedCIPCApi.md#cipcdirectorresult) | **POST** /api/v6/cipcdirectorresult | Returns director report for one of the references.
*WindeedCIPCApi* | [**CipcDirectorSearch**](docs/WindeedCIPCApi.md#cipcdirectorsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/cipcdirectorsearch | Returns a list of possible director matches using personal details. Pass one of the references to the DirectorResult call to retrieve the full report.
*WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi* | [**ErfToStreet**](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi.md#erftostreet) | **POST** /api/v6/erftostreet | 
*WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi* | [**ErfToStreetResult**](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi.md#erftostreetresult) | **POST** /api/v6/erftostreetresult | 
*WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi* | [**SchemeToStreet**](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi.md#schemetostreet) | **POST** /api/v6/schemetostreet | 
*WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi* | [**SchemeToStreetResult**](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi.md#schemetostreetresult) | **POST** /api/v6/schemetostreetresult | 
*WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi* | [**StreetToErf**](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi.md#streettoerf) | **POST** /api/v6/streettoerf | 
*WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi* | [**StreetToErfResult**](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryApi.md#streettoerfresult) | **POST** /api/v6/streettoerfresult | 
*WindeedLightstoneApi* | [**ErfValuation**](docs/WindeedLightstoneApi.md#erfvaluation) | **POST** /api/v6/erfvaluation | 
*WindeedLightstoneApi* | [**FarmValuation**](docs/WindeedLightstoneApi.md#farmvaluation) | **POST** /api/v6/farmvaluation | 
*WindeedLightstoneApi* | [**SchemeValuation**](docs/WindeedLightstoneApi.md#schemevaluation) | **POST** /api/v6/schemevaluation | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**AgriculturalResult**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#agriculturalresult) | **POST** /api/v6/agriculturalresult | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**AgriculturalSearch**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#agriculturalsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/agriculturalsearch | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**CompanyResult**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#companyresult) | **POST** /api/v6/companyresult | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**CompanySearch**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#companysearch) | **POST** /api/v6/companysearch | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**ErfResult**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#erfresult) | **POST** /api/v6/erfresult | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**ErfSearch**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#erfsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/erfsearch | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**FarmRemainingExtentSearch**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#farmremainingextentsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/farmremainingextentsearch | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**FarmResult**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#farmresult) | **POST** /api/v6/farmresult | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**FarmSearch**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#farmsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/farmsearch | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**PersonResult**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#personresult) | **POST** /api/v6/personresult | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**PersonSearch**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#personsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/personsearch | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**SectionalSchemeResult**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#sectionalschemeresult) | **POST** /api/v6/sectionalschemeresult | 
*WindeedOfficeApi* | [**SectionalSchemeSearch**](docs/WindeedOfficeApi.md#sectionalschemesearch) | **POST** /api/v6/sectionalschemesearch | 
*WindeedSpiderApi* | [**SpiderCompanyRegSearch**](docs/WindeedSpiderApi.md#spidercompanyregsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/spidercompanyregsearch | 
*WindeedSpiderApi* | [**SpiderCompanyResult**](docs/WindeedSpiderApi.md#spidercompanyresult) | **POST** /api/v6/spidercompanyresult | 
*WindeedSpiderApi* | [**SpiderCompanySearch**](docs/WindeedSpiderApi.md#spidercompanysearch) | **POST** /api/v6/spidercompanysearch | 
*WindeedSpiderApi* | [**SpiderPersonResult**](docs/WindeedSpiderApi.md#spiderpersonresult) | **POST** /api/v6/spiderpersonresult | 
*WindeedSpiderApi* | [**SpiderPersonSearch**](docs/WindeedSpiderApi.md#spiderpersonsearch) | **POST** /api/v6/spiderpersonsearch | 
*WindeedWPRApi* | [**GetResult**](docs/WindeedWPRApi.md#getresult) | **POST** /api/v6/getresult | 
*WindeedWPRApi* | [**SearchErf**](docs/WindeedWPRApi.md#searcherf) | **POST** /api/v6/searcherf | 
*WindeedWPRApi* | [**SearchSchema**](docs/WindeedWPRApi.md#searchschema) | **POST** /api/v6/searchschema | 
*XTraceApi* | [**XTraceResult**](docs/XTraceApi.md#xtraceresult) | **POST** /api/v6/xtraceresult | Returns a list of possible company matches using the company registration number. Pass one of the references to the CompanyResult call to retrieve the full report.
*XTraceApi* | [**XTraceSearch**](docs/XTraceApi.md#xtracesearch) | **POST** /api/v6/xtracesearch | Returns a list of possible company matches using the company name. Pass one of the references to the CompanyResult call to retrieve the full report.
*XdsCommercialCompanyApi* | [**XdsBankAccountVerificationBusiness**](docs/XdsCommercialCompanyApi.md#xdsbankaccountverificationbusiness) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbankaccountverificationbusiness | Returns bank account verification data for a business.
*XdsCommercialCompanyApi* | [**XdsBusinessMatchName**](docs/XdsCommercialCompanyApi.md#xdsbusinessmatchname) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbusinessmatchname | Returns a list of possible company matches using a business name.  Use one of the references to get a standard, details or CIPC report.
*XdsCommercialCompanyApi* | [**XdsBusinessMatchRegistration**](docs/XdsCommercialCompanyApi.md#xdsbusinessmatchregistration) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbusinessmatchregistration | Returns a list of possible company matches using registration number.   Use one of the references to get a standard, details or CIPC report.
*XdsCommercialCompanyApi* | [**XdsBusinessMatchResultCipc**](docs/XdsCommercialCompanyApi.md#xdsbusinessmatchresultcipc) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbusinessmatchresultcipc | Return a CIPC business report. Use a referene number from one business search calls.
*XdsCommercialCompanyApi* | [**XdsBusinessMatchResultDetailed**](docs/XdsCommercialCompanyApi.md#xdsbusinessmatchresultdetailed) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbusinessmatchresultdetailed | Return a detailed business report. Use a referene number from one of business search calls.
*XdsCommercialCompanyApi* | [**XdsBusinessMatchResultStandard**](docs/XdsCommercialCompanyApi.md#xdsbusinessmatchresultstandard) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbusinessmatchresultstandard | Return a standard business report. Use a referene number from one business search calls.
*XdsCommercialCompanyApi* | [**XdsBusinessMatchSoleProp**](docs/XdsCommercialCompanyApi.md#xdsbusinessmatchsoleprop) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbusinessmatchsoleprop | Returns a list of possible sole proprietor companies matching the owner's ID number  Use one of the references to get a standard, details or CIPC report.
*XdsCommercialCompanyApi* | [**XdsBusinessMatchVatNumber**](docs/XdsCommercialCompanyApi.md#xdsbusinessmatchvatnumber) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbusinessmatchvatnumber | Returns a list of possible company matches using a VAT registration number.  Use one of the references to get a standard, details or CIPC report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**DirectorList**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#directorlist) | **POST** /api/v6/directorlist | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using ID number, firstname, surname. Pass one of the references to the DirectorResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**DirectorResult**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#directorresult) | **POST** /api/v6/directorresult | Returns the report for director/principal details.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**IDVerificationRealTime**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#idverificationrealtime) | **POST** /api/v6/idverificationrealtime | Returns identification details of an individual.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**LinkageResult**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#linkageresult) | **POST** /api/v6/linkageresult | Returns a consumer report with possible data matches;
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**LinkageSearch**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#linkagesearch) | **POST** /api/v6/linkagesearch | Returns 2 sets of possible matches for. Return a reference from each set to the LinkageResult;
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**MaritalStatusRealTime**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#maritalstatusrealtime) | **POST** /api/v6/maritalstatusrealtime | Returns the marital status of an individual.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsAccountTrace**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsaccounttrace) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsaccounttrace | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using account data. Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsBankAccountIndividualById**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsbankaccountindividualbyid) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbankaccountindividualbyid | Returns bank account verification data for individual.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsBankAccountIndividualByPassport**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsbankaccountindividualbypassport) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbankaccountindividualbypassport | Returns bank account verification data for individual.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsBiometricList**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsbiometriclist) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbiometriclist | Return a list of consumers by ID Numbers for Biometric data including ID photo.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsBiometricResult**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsbiometricresult) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsbiometricresult | Submit reference number from XdsBiometricList call and optional fingerprint data for verification.  Returns biometric data including ID photo's.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsConsumerCreditEnquiry**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsconsumercreditenquiry) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsconsumercreditenquiry | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using Id number. Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsConsumerCreditEnquiryNames**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsconsumercreditenquirynames) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsconsumercreditenquirynames | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using names Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsConsumerCreditEnquiryPassport**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsconsumercreditenquirypassport) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsconsumercreditenquirypassport | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using passport. Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsEasyTrace**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdseasytrace) | **POST** /api/v6/xdseasytrace | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using consumer data. Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsGetBonusSegments**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsgetbonussegments) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsgetbonussegments | Return bonus segments available for one of the trace search results
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsIdTrace**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsidtrace) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsidtrace | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using ID number. Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsPostalAddress**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdspostaladdress) | **POST** /api/v6/xdspostaladdress | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using postal address. Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsStreetTrace**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdsstreettrace) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsstreettrace | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using street address. Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsTelephoneToID**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdstelephonetoid) | **POST** /api/v6/xdstelephonetoid | Returns a list of possible consumers with ID numbers searching by telephone only.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsTelephoneTrace**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdstelephonetrace) | **POST** /api/v6/xdstelephonetrace | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using telephone and surname. Pass one of the references to the TraceResult call to retrieve the report.
*XdsConsumerIndividualApi* | [**XdsTraceResult**](docs/XdsConsumerIndividualApi.md#xdstraceresult) | **POST** /api/v6/xdstraceresult | The consumer data using a reference number obtained from one of the trace search calls.
*XdsKYCApi* | [**KnowYourClientIdNumber**](docs/XdsKYCApi.md#knowyourclientidnumber) | **POST** /api/v6/knowyourclientidnumber | Return list of KYC match on ID Number
*XdsKYCApi* | [**KnowYourClientPassport**](docs/XdsKYCApi.md#knowyourclientpassport) | **POST** /api/v6/knowyourclientpassport | Return list of KYC match on passport number
*XdsKYCApi* | [**KnowYourClientResult**](docs/XdsKYCApi.md#knowyourclientresult) | **POST** /api/v6/knowyourclientresult | KYC result on previous matched enty
*XdsLiteApi* | [**XdsIdTraceLite**](docs/XdsLiteApi.md#xdsidtracelite) | **POST** /api/v6/xdsidtracelite | Returns a list of possible consumer matches using ID number. Pass one of the references to the TraceResultLite call to retrieve the report.
*XdsLiteApi* | [**XdsTraceResultLite**](docs/XdsLiteApi.md#xdstraceresultlite) | **POST** /api/v6/xdstraceresultlite | The consumer data using a reference number obtained from one of the trace lite search calls.


## Documentation for Models

 - [Model.AccountUsage](docs/AccountUsage.md)
 - [Model.ApiInfo](docs/ApiInfo.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnCode](docs/ApiReturnCode.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsDriversLicenceReportView](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsDriversLicenceReportView.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsCriminalCheckResultView](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsCriminalCheckResultView.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsDriversLicenceReportView](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsDriversLicenceReportView.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsMatricVerifyView](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsMatricVerifyView.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsNoModel](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfVerifyResultsNoModel.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeBaseOwnerResponseAndWindeedOwnerReferencedItem](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeBaseOwnerResponseAndWindeedOwnerReferencedItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesAgriculturalHoldingPortionItem](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesAgriculturalHoldingPortionItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesErfPortionItem](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesErfPortionItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesFarmPortionItem](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesFarmPortionItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesSectionalSchemeUnit](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesSectionalSchemeUnit.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficePersonResponseAndWindeedOwnerReferencedItem](docs/ApiReturnOfApiReturnOfWindeedOfficePersonResponseAndWindeedOwnerReferencedItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfBonusSegmentArray](docs/ApiReturnOfBonusSegmentArray.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfCompanySearchArray](docs/ApiReturnOfCompanySearchArray.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfCompuscanCompuscanCompany](docs/ApiReturnOfCompuscanCompuscanCompany.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfCompuscanContactInfoResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfCompuscanContactInfoResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfCompuscanGetScoreResult](docs/ApiReturnOfCompuscanGetScoreResult.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfCompuscanIncomePredictorResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfCompuscanIncomePredictorResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfConsumerSearchArray](docs/ApiReturnOfConsumerSearchArray.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfDatacisionServicePerson](docs/ApiReturnOfDatacisionServicePerson.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfDirectorSearchArray](docs/ApiReturnOfDirectorSearchArray.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfErfOrStreetSearchArray](docs/ApiReturnOfErfOrStreetSearchArray.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfItcItcConsumer](docs/ApiReturnOfItcItcConsumer.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfPropertySearchArray](docs/ApiReturnOfPropertySearchArray.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfSafpsDetailedSearchResponseArray](docs/ApiReturnOfSafpsDetailedSearchResponseArray.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfSchemeSearchArray](docs/ApiReturnOfSchemeSearchArray.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfServicesLifeStyleAuditLifeStyleAuditResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfServicesLifeStyleAuditLifeStyleAuditResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfTransunionCommercialCommercialResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfTransunionCommercialCommercialResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfTransunionConsumer118BureauResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfTransunionConsumer118BureauResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfVericredContactInformation](docs/ApiReturnOfVericredContactInformation.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfVericredIncomeEstimate](docs/ApiReturnOfVericredIncomeEstimate.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfVericredPersonalVerification](docs/ApiReturnOfVericredPersonalVerification.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfVerifyReferenceResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfVerifyReferenceResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfVerifyResultsCriminalCheckResultView](docs/ApiReturnOfVerifyResultsCriminalCheckResultView.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfVerifyResultsMatricVerifyView](docs/ApiReturnOfVerifyResultsMatricVerifyView.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfVerifyResultsNoModel](docs/ApiReturnOfVerifyResultsNoModel.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedCipcProxiesCompanyReportFlatten](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedCipcProxiesCompanyReportFlatten.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedCipcProxiesJurisitcOrNaturalReportResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedCipcProxiesJurisitcOrNaturalReportResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedCompanySearchResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedCompanySearchResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedKnowledgeFactoryErfToStreetResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedKnowledgeFactoryErfToStreetResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedKnowledgeFactorySectionalSchemeToStreetResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedKnowledgeFactorySectionalSchemeToStreetResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedKnowledgeFactoryStreetToErfResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedKnowledgeFactoryStreetToErfResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeBaseOwnerResponseAndWindeedOwnerReferencedItem](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeBaseOwnerResponseAndWindeedOwnerReferencedItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesAgriculturalHoldingPortionItem](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesAgriculturalHoldingPortionItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesErfPortionItem](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesErfPortionItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesFarmPortionItem](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesFarmPortionItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesSectionalSchemeUnit](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficeDocumentResponseAndWindeedOfficeProxiesSectionalSchemeUnit.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficePersonResponseAndWindeedOwnerReferencedItem](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficePersonResponseAndWindeedOwnerReferencedItem.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficev1ProxiesFarmSearchResult](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedOfficev1ProxiesFarmSearchResult.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedSpiderProxiesSpiderResponseFlatten](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedSpiderProxiesSpiderResponseFlatten.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedSpiderSpiderResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedSpiderSpiderResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedValuationResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedValuationResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfWindeedWprFoundResponse](docs/ApiReturnOfWindeedWprFoundResponse.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfXdsAccountVerificationResult](docs/ApiReturnOfXdsAccountVerificationResult.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfXdsCommercial](docs/ApiReturnOfXdsCommercial.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfXdsConsumer](docs/ApiReturnOfXdsConsumer.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfXdsConsumerLite](docs/ApiReturnOfXdsConsumerLite.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfXdsDirector](docs/ApiReturnOfXdsDirector.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfXdsHomeAffairs](docs/ApiReturnOfXdsHomeAffairs.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfXdsKYCOnline](docs/ApiReturnOfXdsKYCOnline.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfXdsLinkage](docs/ApiReturnOfXdsLinkage.md)
 - [Model.ApiReturnOfXdsLinkageSearch](docs/ApiReturnOfXdsLinkageSearch.md)
 - [Model.BonusSegment](docs/BonusSegment.md)
 - [Model.CompanySearch](docs/CompanySearch.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPAUDINFO](docs/CompuscanCOMPAUDINFO.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPBANKERS](docs/CompuscanCOMPBANKERS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPBONDDETAILS](docs/CompuscanCOMPBONDDETAILS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPCOMMADDRESSES](docs/CompuscanCOMPCOMMADDRESSES.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPCOMMCONTACTS](docs/CompuscanCOMPCOMMCONTACTS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPCOMPUSCORE](docs/CompuscanCOMPCOMPUSCORE.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPCONTRACTS](docs/CompuscanCOMPCONTRACTS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPDETAILS](docs/CompuscanCOMPDETAILS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPDIRCCDATA](docs/CompuscanCOMPDIRCCDATA.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPDIRECTORS](docs/CompuscanCOMPDIRECTORS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPFINANCIALS](docs/CompuscanCOMPFINANCIALS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPINSURANCE](docs/CompuscanCOMPINSURANCE.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPJUDGE](docs/CompuscanCOMPJUDGE.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPNONACTIVEPRINCIPALS](docs/CompuscanCOMPNONACTIVEPRINCIPALS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPPREVENQ](docs/CompuscanCOMPPREVENQ.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPPRINCIPALANALYTICS](docs/CompuscanCOMPPRINCIPALANALYTICS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPPROPDETAILS](docs/CompuscanCOMPPROPDETAILS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPPROPERTIES](docs/CompuscanCOMPPROPERTIES.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPRESCOUNTS](docs/CompuscanCOMPRESCOUNTS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPSRCHCRIT](docs/CompuscanCOMPSRCHCRIT.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPSTAFF](docs/CompuscanCOMPSTAFF.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPTRADEHISTORY](docs/CompuscanCOMPTRADEHISTORY.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPTRADEHISTORYBRANDS](docs/CompuscanCOMPTRADEHISTORYBRANDS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPTRADEHISTORYITEM](docs/CompuscanCOMPTRADEHISTORYITEM.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPTRADEREF](docs/CompuscanCOMPTRADEREF.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPVATNUMS](docs/CompuscanCOMPVATNUMS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCOMPVEHICLES](docs/CompuscanCOMPVEHICLES.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCompanyNameRequest](docs/CompuscanCompanyNameRequest.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCompanyRegistrationRequest](docs/CompuscanCompanyRegistrationRequest.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCompuscanAddress](docs/CompuscanCompuscanAddress.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanCompuscanCompany](docs/CompuscanCompuscanCompany.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanContactEmployer](docs/CompuscanContactEmployer.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanContactInfoResponse](docs/CompuscanContactInfoResponse.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanContactTelephone](docs/CompuscanContactTelephone.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanDIRLINKEDCOMP](docs/CompuscanDIRLINKEDCOMP.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanEmployer](docs/CompuscanEmployer.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanEmployerSearchResult](docs/CompuscanEmployerSearchResult.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanGetScoreResult](docs/CompuscanGetScoreResult.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanIdRequest](docs/CompuscanIdRequest.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanIncomePredictorResponse](docs/CompuscanIncomePredictorResponse.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanLINKADRSINFO](docs/CompuscanLINKADRSINFO.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanLINKADRSINFOCOMPDIRADRS](docs/CompuscanLINKADRSINFOCOMPDIRADRS.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanLINKCOMPINFO](docs/CompuscanLINKCOMPINFO.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanReason](docs/CompuscanReason.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanReasons](docs/CompuscanReasons.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanResult](docs/CompuscanResult.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanResults](docs/CompuscanResults.md)
 - [Model.CompuscanTransactionResponse](docs/CompuscanTransactionResponse.md)
 - [Model.ConsumerSearch](docs/ConsumerSearch.md)
 - [Model.ConsumerTraceRequest](docs/ConsumerTraceRequest.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceAddress](docs/DatacisionServiceAddress.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceAddressType](docs/DatacisionServiceAddressType.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceEmail](docs/DatacisionServiceEmail.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceEmployment](docs/DatacisionServiceEmployment.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceGender](docs/DatacisionServiceGender.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceMaritalStatus](docs/DatacisionServiceMaritalStatus.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServicePerson](docs/DatacisionServicePerson.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServicePersonSearch](docs/DatacisionServicePersonSearch.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServicePhone](docs/DatacisionServicePhone.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServicePhoneType](docs/DatacisionServicePhoneType.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServicePublicDomainIndicator](docs/DatacisionServicePublicDomainIndicator.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceReport](docs/DatacisionServiceReport.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceReportType](docs/DatacisionServiceReportType.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceRequestContext](docs/DatacisionServiceRequestContext.md)
 - [Model.DatacisionServiceRequestStatus](docs/DatacisionServiceRequestStatus.md)
 - [Model.DirectorSearch](docs/DirectorSearch.md)
 - [Model.ErfOrStreetSearch](docs/ErfOrStreetSearch.md)
 - [Model.Gender](docs/Gender.md)
 - [Model.History](docs/History.md)
 - [Model.ItcItcAddress](docs/ItcItcAddress.md)
 - [Model.ItcItcConsumer](docs/ItcItcConsumer.md)
 - [Model.ItcItcContactNumber](docs/ItcItcContactNumber.md)
 - [Model.ItcItcEmployer](docs/ItcItcEmployer.md)
 - [Model.ItcSearchRequest](docs/ItcSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.LoginRequest](docs/LoginRequest.md)
 - [Model.PropertySearch](docs/PropertySearch.md)
 - [Model.Province](docs/Province.md)
 - [Model.ReferenceBonusRequest](docs/ReferenceBonusRequest.md)
 - [Model.ReferenceRequest](docs/ReferenceRequest.md)
 - [Model.SAFPSFraudSearchRequest](docs/SAFPSFraudSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.SafpsDetailedSearchResponse](docs/SafpsDetailedSearchResponse.md)
 - [Model.SafpsIncident](docs/SafpsIncident.md)
 - [Model.SchemeSearch](docs/SchemeSearch.md)
 - [Model.ServicesLifeStyleAuditLifeStyleAuditResponse](docs/ServicesLifeStyleAuditLifeStyleAuditResponse.md)
 - [Model.ServicesXdsKnowYourClientIdNumberRequest](docs/ServicesXdsKnowYourClientIdNumberRequest.md)
 - [Model.ServicesXdsKnowYourClientPassportRequest](docs/ServicesXdsKnowYourClientPassportRequest.md)
 - [Model.ServicesXdsTelephoneToIdRequest](docs/ServicesXdsTelephoneToIdRequest.md)
 - [Model.TransunionBusinessSearchDunsRequest](docs/TransunionBusinessSearchDunsRequest.md)
 - [Model.TransunionBusinessSearchRegistrationRequest](docs/TransunionBusinessSearchRegistrationRequest.md)
 - [Model.TransunionBusinessSearchRequest](docs/TransunionBusinessSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialAccountSynopsisDetail](docs/TransunionCommercialAccountSynopsisDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialAccountVerificationVA](docs/TransunionCommercialAccountVerificationVA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialAccountVerificationVH](docs/TransunionCommercialAccountVerificationVH.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialAdditionalOperations](docs/TransunionCommercialAdditionalOperations.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialAffiliations](docs/TransunionCommercialAffiliations.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialAgeAnalysisDetail](docs/TransunionCommercialAgeAnalysisDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialAggregate](docs/TransunionCommercialAggregate.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialAggregateCW](docs/TransunionCommercialAggregateCW.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialAuditorBusinessAddress](docs/TransunionCommercialAuditorBusinessAddress.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBCCCX01](docs/TransunionCommercialBCCCX01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBankCodes](docs/TransunionCommercialBankCodes.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBankHistory](docs/TransunionCommercialBankHistory.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBankReport](docs/TransunionCommercialBankReport.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBankingDetailSummary](docs/TransunionCommercialBankingDetailSummary.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBankingDetailsAC](docs/TransunionCommercialBankingDetailsAC.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBranch](docs/TransunionCommercialBranch.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessAdverseSummary](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessAdverseSummary.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessBenchmarkBB](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessBenchmarkBB.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessBenchmarkDetail](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessBenchmarkDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessDeedsComprehensivePB](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessDeedsComprehensivePB.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessDeedsComprehensivePW](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessDeedsComprehensivePW.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessDeedsDI](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessDeedsDI.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessDeedsSummaryDA](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessDeedsSummaryDA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessNotarialBonds](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessNotarialBonds.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessPlusPrincipalSummary](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessPlusPrincipalSummary.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialBusinessRescueDetail](docs/TransunionCommercialBusinessRescueDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCX01](docs/TransunionCommercialCX01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCancelledTicket](docs/TransunionCommercialCancelledTicket.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCapitalEmployed](docs/TransunionCommercialCapitalEmployed.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCapitalInfo](docs/TransunionCommercialCapitalInfo.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialClaimDetailsLC](docs/TransunionCommercialClaimDetailsLC.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCommercialDisputeResponse](docs/TransunionCommercialCommercialDisputeResponse.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCommercialResponse](docs/TransunionCommercialCommercialResponse.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialComplianceIndicatorLI](docs/TransunionCommercialComplianceIndicatorLI.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerBusinessEnquiry](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerBusinessEnquiry.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerDefault](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerDefault.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerEnquiry](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerEnquiry.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerHeader](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerHeader.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerHeaderC1](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerHeaderC1.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerInfoNO04](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerInfoNO04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerJudgement](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerJudgement.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerNotarialBonds](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerNotarialBonds.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerNotice](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerNotice.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialConsumerTraceAlert](docs/TransunionCommercialConsumerTraceAlert.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCourtRecord](docs/TransunionCommercialCourtRecord.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCreditBand](docs/TransunionCommercialCreditBand.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCurrentAsset](docs/TransunionCommercialCurrentAsset.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialCurrentLiabilities](docs/TransunionCommercialCurrentLiabilities.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialDebtorInfo](docs/TransunionCommercialDebtorInfo.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialDeedHistory](docs/TransunionCommercialDeedHistory.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialDeedsMultipleBond](docs/TransunionCommercialDeedsMultipleBond.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialDeedsMultipleOwnerDetail](docs/TransunionCommercialDeedsMultipleOwnerDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialDeedsOwnerDetail](docs/TransunionCommercialDeedsOwnerDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialDefault](docs/TransunionCommercialDefault.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialDynamicRating](docs/TransunionCommercialDynamicRating.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialEmpOfCapital](docs/TransunionCommercialEmpOfCapital.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialEmpiricaE1](docs/TransunionCommercialEmpiricaE1.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialEmpiricaEM04](docs/TransunionCommercialEmpiricaEM04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialEnquiryHistory](docs/TransunionCommercialEnquiryHistory.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialEnquiryReason](docs/TransunionCommercialEnquiryReason.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialEnquirySummary](docs/TransunionCommercialEnquirySummary.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialEstablished](docs/TransunionCommercialEstablished.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialExtendedConsumerHeaderInfoCG](docs/TransunionCommercialExtendedConsumerHeaderInfoCG.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialFinanceAmounts](docs/TransunionCommercialFinanceAmounts.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialFinanceData](docs/TransunionCommercialFinanceData.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialFinanceDataFE](docs/TransunionCommercialFinanceDataFE.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialFinanceDataFF](docs/TransunionCommercialFinanceDataFF.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialFinanceHeader](docs/TransunionCommercialFinanceHeader.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialFinancialRatios](docs/TransunionCommercialFinancialRatios.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialFinancialStabilityIndicatorFS](docs/TransunionCommercialFinancialStabilityIndicatorFS.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialFirstResponse](docs/TransunionCommercialFirstResponse.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialForensicEnquiryHistoryEF](docs/TransunionCommercialForensicEnquiryHistoryEF.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialGeneralBankingInfo](docs/TransunionCommercialGeneralBankingInfo.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialHeader](docs/TransunionCommercialHeader.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialHomeTelephone](docs/TransunionCommercialHomeTelephone.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialLinkedBusinessDefault](docs/TransunionCommercialLinkedBusinessDefault.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialLinkedBusinessDetailLF](docs/TransunionCommercialLinkedBusinessDetailLF.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialLinkedBusinessHeader](docs/TransunionCommercialLinkedBusinessHeader.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialLinkedCompany](docs/TransunionCommercialLinkedCompany.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialMailboxRetrieveList](docs/TransunionCommercialMailboxRetrieveList.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialModule](docs/TransunionCommercialModule.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialModuleAvailabilityResponse](docs/TransunionCommercialModuleAvailabilityResponse.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialNames](docs/TransunionCommercialNames.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialNotarialBond](docs/TransunionCommercialNotarialBond.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialObservation](docs/TransunionCommercialObservation.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialObservationCont](docs/TransunionCommercialObservationCont.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialOperation](docs/TransunionCommercialOperation.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialOtherOperation](docs/TransunionCommercialOtherOperation.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPaymentHistoryDetail](docs/TransunionCommercialPaymentHistoryDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPolicyDetailsIF](docs/TransunionCommercialPolicyDetailsIF.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPolicyRiskAddressIA](docs/TransunionCommercialPolicyRiskAddressIA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPolicyVehiclePV](docs/TransunionCommercialPolicyVehiclePV.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipal](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipal.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalArchive](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalArchive.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalArchiveP5](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalArchiveP5.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalClearance](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalClearance.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalDeedsComprehensiveCA](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalDeedsComprehensiveCA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalDeedsComprehensiveCV](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalDeedsComprehensiveCV.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalDeedsSummaryCO](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalDeedsSummaryCO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalDeedsSummaryP8](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalDeedsSummaryP8.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalDetailEmpirica](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalDetailEmpirica.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalFirstResponse](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalFirstResponse.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalIDV](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalIDV.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalLink](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalLink.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalLinkPL](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalLinkPL.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialPrincipalNotarialBonds](docs/TransunionCommercialPrincipalNotarialBonds.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialProductType](docs/TransunionCommercialProductType.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialRegisteredPrincipal](docs/TransunionCommercialRegisteredPrincipal.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialRegistrationDetails](docs/TransunionCommercialRegistrationDetails.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialRegistrationDetailsExtended](docs/TransunionCommercialRegistrationDetailsExtended.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialResponseStatus](docs/TransunionCommercialResponseStatus.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialSMEAssessment](docs/TransunionCommercialSMEAssessment.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialSearchResponse](docs/TransunionCommercialSearchResponse.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialSegmentDescription](docs/TransunionCommercialSegmentDescription.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialSegmentDescriptions](docs/TransunionCommercialSegmentDescriptions.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialShareInfo](docs/TransunionCommercialShareInfo.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialSicDetails](docs/TransunionCommercialSicDetails.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialTicketStatus](docs/TransunionCommercialTicketStatus.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialTradeAccountSynopsis](docs/TransunionCommercialTradeAccountSynopsis.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialTradeAgeAnalysis](docs/TransunionCommercialTradeAgeAnalysis.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialTradeHistory](docs/TransunionCommercialTradeHistory.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialTradePaymentHistory](docs/TransunionCommercialTradePaymentHistory.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialTradeReference](docs/TransunionCommercialTradeReference.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialTradeReferenceSummary](docs/TransunionCommercialTradeReferenceSummary.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialTradex](docs/TransunionCommercialTradex.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialUnmatchedCourtRecord](docs/TransunionCommercialUnmatchedCourtRecord.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialUnmatchedDefault](docs/TransunionCommercialUnmatchedDefault.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialUnmatchedNotarialBond](docs/TransunionCommercialUnmatchedNotarialBond.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialVehicle](docs/TransunionCommercialVehicle.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialVehicles](docs/TransunionCommercialVehicles.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialVeriCheque](docs/TransunionCommercialVeriCheque.md)
 - [Model.TransunionCommercialWorkTelephone](docs/TransunionCommercialWorkTelephone.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AKANamesNK04](docs/TransunionConsumer118AKANamesNK04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ActiveRiskAddresses](docs/TransunionConsumer118ActiveRiskAddresses.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ActiveVehicles](docs/TransunionConsumer118ActiveVehicles.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AddressAlertRA](docs/TransunionConsumer118AddressAlertRA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AddressDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118AddressDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AddressNA07](docs/TransunionConsumer118AddressNA07.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AddressNA08](docs/TransunionConsumer118AddressNA08.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AddressVerificationNR01](docs/TransunionConsumer118AddressVerificationNR01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AddressVerificationNR02](docs/TransunionConsumer118AddressVerificationNR02.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AffordStandardBatchCharsXB01](docs/TransunionConsumer118AffordStandardBatchCharsXB01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AffordabilityAF01](docs/TransunionConsumer118AffordabilityAF01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118Aggregate](docs/TransunionConsumer118Aggregate.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AggregateAG01](docs/TransunionConsumer118AggregateAG01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AggregateAG02](docs/TransunionConsumer118AggregateAG02.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AggregateNX05](docs/TransunionConsumer118AggregateNX05.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AggregateNX09](docs/TransunionConsumer118AggregateNX09.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AggregateNX33](docs/TransunionConsumer118AggregateNX33.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118Agreement](docs/TransunionConsumer118Agreement.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailC3](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailC3.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailC4](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailC4.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQC](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQC.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQD](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQD.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQE](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQE.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQJ](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQJ.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQM](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQM.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQN](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQN.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQP](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQP.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQV](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQV.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQW](docs/TransunionConsumer118AlertDetailQW.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118AllRiskTypesAR](docs/TransunionConsumer118AllRiskTypesAR.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BC701](docs/TransunionConsumer118BC701.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCC](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCC.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCC04](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCC04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCCB701](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCCB701.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCCBC01](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCCBC01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCCBC03](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCCBC03.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCCBC04](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCCBC04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCCC1Own](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCCC1Own.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCCC2Other](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCCC2Other.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCCOther](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCCOther.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BCCOwn](docs/TransunionConsumer118BCCOwn.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BX01](docs/TransunionConsumer118BX01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BX03](docs/TransunionConsumer118BX03.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BreakdownDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118BreakdownDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BreakdownItemDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118BreakdownItemDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BureauResponse](docs/TransunionConsumer118BureauResponse.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118BusinessDeedsSummaryDA](docs/TransunionConsumer118BusinessDeedsSummaryDA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CCASummaryMX01](docs/TransunionConsumer118CCASummaryMX01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CCASummaryMX50](docs/TransunionConsumer118CCASummaryMX50.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CPAAccountInformationExtendedP8](docs/TransunionConsumer118CPAAccountInformationExtendedP8.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CellphoneValidationNZ01](docs/TransunionConsumer118CellphoneValidationNZ01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118Claim](docs/TransunionConsumer118Claim.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ClaimDetailsCR](docs/TransunionConsumer118ClaimDetailsCR.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ClaimantHeaderCH](docs/TransunionConsumer118ClaimantHeaderCH.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ClaimantHeaderHC](docs/TransunionConsumer118ClaimantHeaderHC.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ClaimantHeaderSH](docs/TransunionConsumer118ClaimantHeaderSH.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ClaimantSummaryCS](docs/TransunionConsumer118ClaimantSummaryCS.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ClaimsCommentSegmentSX](docs/TransunionConsumer118ClaimsCommentSegmentSX.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ClaimsLinkedCL](docs/TransunionConsumer118ClaimsLinkedCL.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ClaimsSummarySC](docs/TransunionConsumer118ClaimsSummarySC.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ConsEnqTransInfo0102](docs/TransunionConsumer118ConsEnqTransInfo0102.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ConsumerCountersNC04](docs/TransunionConsumer118ConsumerCountersNC04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ConsumerCountersNC50](docs/TransunionConsumer118ConsumerCountersNC50.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ConsumerDeedsDD01](docs/TransunionConsumer118ConsumerDeedsDD01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ConsumerInfoNO04](docs/TransunionConsumer118ConsumerInfoNO04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ConsumerInfoNO05](docs/TransunionConsumer118ConsumerInfoNO05.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ConsumerMiscellaneousMS](docs/TransunionConsumer118ConsumerMiscellaneousMS.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ConsumerNumberFrequencyNY01](docs/TransunionConsumer118ConsumerNumberFrequencyNY01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ConsumerTelephoneHistoryNW01](docs/TransunionConsumer118ConsumerTelephoneHistoryNW01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionScoreCO01](docs/TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionScoreCO01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionScoreVariableCO](docs/TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionScoreVariableCO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionVV01](docs/TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionVV01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionVX01](docs/TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionVX01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionVariable](docs/TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionVariable.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionVariableVX01](docs/TransunionConsumer118CreditVisionVariableVX01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118CustomisedScorecardGS01](docs/TransunionConsumer118CustomisedScorecardGS01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DebtCounsellingDC01](docs/TransunionConsumer118DebtCounsellingDC01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DebtReviewDR01](docs/TransunionConsumer118DebtReviewDR01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DeedsMultipleBond](docs/TransunionConsumer118DeedsMultipleBond.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DeedsMultipleOwnerDetail](docs/TransunionConsumer118DeedsMultipleOwnerDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DeedsOwnerDetail](docs/TransunionConsumer118DeedsOwnerDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DefaultD701Part1](docs/TransunionConsumer118DefaultD701Part1.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DefaultD701Part2](docs/TransunionConsumer118DefaultD701Part2.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DefaultD703](docs/TransunionConsumer118DefaultD703.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DefaultD801Part1](docs/TransunionConsumer118DefaultD801Part1.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DefaultD801Part2](docs/TransunionConsumer118DefaultD801Part2.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DefaultsND07](docs/TransunionConsumer118DefaultsND07.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DemographicsDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118DemographicsDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DisputeIndicatorDI01](docs/TransunionConsumer118DisputeIndicatorDI01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DriverDetailsDR](docs/TransunionConsumer118DriverDetailsDR.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DriverRestriction](docs/TransunionConsumer118DriverRestriction.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DriversLicenceUY01](docs/TransunionConsumer118DriversLicenceUY01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118DriversLicenseInformationUX](docs/TransunionConsumer118DriversLicenseInformationUX.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EchoData0001](docs/TransunionConsumer118EchoData0001.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ElectronicDeviceSerialNumbers](docs/TransunionConsumer118ElectronicDeviceSerialNumbers.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmailAddressDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmailAddressDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmpiricaEM04](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmpiricaEM04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmpiricaEM05](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmpiricaEM05.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmpiricaEM07](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmpiricaEM07.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmpiricaEX](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmpiricaEX.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmployedDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmployedDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmployeeDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmployeeDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118Employer](docs/TransunionConsumer118Employer.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmployerDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmployerDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmployerInformation](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmployerInformation.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmploymentClientDetails](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmploymentClientDetails.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmploymentNM04](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmploymentNM04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EmploymentStatusDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118EmploymentStatusDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EnquiriesNE09](docs/TransunionConsumer118EnquiriesNE09.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EnquiryNE50](docs/TransunionConsumer118EnquiryNE50.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EnquiryNE51](docs/TransunionConsumer118EnquiryNE51.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EvolutionCC01](docs/TransunionConsumer118EvolutionCC01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EvolutionEN01](docs/TransunionConsumer118EvolutionEN01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EvolutionPM](docs/TransunionConsumer118EvolutionPM.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EvolutionPM01](docs/TransunionConsumer118EvolutionPM01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EvolutionPO01](docs/TransunionConsumer118EvolutionPO01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118EvolutionPaymentHistory](docs/TransunionConsumer118EvolutionPaymentHistory.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ExtendedCPAHistory](docs/TransunionConsumer118ExtendedCPAHistory.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ExtendedNLRHistory](docs/TransunionConsumer118ExtendedNLRHistory.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118FSMS201](docs/TransunionConsumer118FSMS201.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesCellphoneNumber](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesCellphoneNumber.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesCellphoneNumberFX](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesCellphoneNumberFX.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesDefaultsAssociates](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesDefaultsAssociates.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesDefaultsFF](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesDefaultsFF.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHeaderFL](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHeaderFL.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHomeAddress](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHomeAddress.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHomeAddressFZ](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHomeAddressFZ.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHomeTelephone](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHomeTelephone.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHomeTelephoneFH](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesHomeTelephoneFH.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesJudgementsAssociates](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesJudgementsAssociates.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesJudgementsFJ](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesJudgementsFJ.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesWorkTelephone](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesWorkTelephone.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesWorkTelephoneFW](docs/TransunionConsumer118ForensicLinkagesWorkTelephoneFW.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118FraudAlertS6](docs/TransunionConsumer118FraudAlertS6.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118FraudScoreFS01](docs/TransunionConsumer118FraudScoreFS01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118FraudScoreFS01Part2](docs/TransunionConsumer118FraudScoreFS01Part2.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118HawkAlertHA](docs/TransunionConsumer118HawkAlertHA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118HawkHA01](docs/TransunionConsumer118HawkHA01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118HawkHI01](docs/TransunionConsumer118HawkHI01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118HawkNH05](docs/TransunionConsumer118HawkNH05.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118HistoricContactDetailsHQ](docs/TransunionConsumer118HistoricContactDetailsHQ.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118HomeOwnersAO](docs/TransunionConsumer118HomeOwnersAO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ILinkArray](docs/TransunionConsumer118ILinkArray.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ILinkConsumerArray](docs/TransunionConsumer118ILinkConsumerArray.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IVSBV01](docs/TransunionConsumer118IVSBV01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IdentityVerficationAlertHI](docs/TransunionConsumer118IdentityVerficationAlertHI.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IdvNI01](docs/TransunionConsumer118IdvNI01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IdvNI02](docs/TransunionConsumer118IdvNI02.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IdvNI03](docs/TransunionConsumer118IdvNI03.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InactiveRiskAddresses](docs/TransunionConsumer118InactiveRiskAddresses.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InactiveVehicles](docs/TransunionConsumer118InactiveVehicles.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IncomeEstimatorI401](docs/TransunionConsumer118IncomeEstimatorI401.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IncomeEstimatorT101](docs/TransunionConsumer118IncomeEstimatorT101.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IncomeEstimatorT102](docs/TransunionConsumer118IncomeEstimatorT102.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IncomeEstimatorVariableI401](docs/TransunionConsumer118IncomeEstimatorVariableI401.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IncomeOrDeductionDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118IncomeOrDeductionDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IndividualTrace04](docs/TransunionConsumer118IndividualTrace04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IndividualTrace06](docs/TransunionConsumer118IndividualTrace06.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IndivualOwnOtherActivePoliciesPI](docs/TransunionConsumer118IndivualOwnOtherActivePoliciesPI.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IndivualOwnOtherClaimDetails0to3yearsI1](docs/TransunionConsumer118IndivualOwnOtherClaimDetails0to3yearsI1.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IndivualOwnOtherClaimDetails4to7yearsSI](docs/TransunionConsumer118IndivualOwnOtherClaimDetails4to7yearsSI.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118IndivualOwnOtherInactivePoliciesP1](docs/TransunionConsumer118IndivualOwnOtherInactivePoliciesP1.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InputIdentificationIndividualII](docs/TransunionConsumer118InputIdentificationIndividualII.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InputIdentificationRiskAddressIA](docs/TransunionConsumer118InputIdentificationRiskAddressIA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InputIdentificationVehicleIV](docs/TransunionConsumer118InputIdentificationVehicleIV.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InsuranceClaimsUA01](docs/TransunionConsumer118InsuranceClaimsUA01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InsuranceClaimsUB01](docs/TransunionConsumer118InsuranceClaimsUB01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InsuranceClaimsUC01](docs/TransunionConsumer118InsuranceClaimsUC01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InsuranceClaimsUI01](docs/TransunionConsumer118InsuranceClaimsUI01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InsuranceEnquirySE](docs/TransunionConsumer118InsuranceEnquirySE.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InsuredDetailsIN](docs/TransunionConsumer118InsuredDetailsIN.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118InternalMessageIM](docs/TransunionConsumer118InternalMessageIM.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118JudgementsNJ06](docs/TransunionConsumer118JudgementsNJ06.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118JudgementsNJ07](docs/TransunionConsumer118JudgementsNJ07.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118JudgementsNJ09](docs/TransunionConsumer118JudgementsNJ09.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118LapseL401](docs/TransunionConsumer118LapseL401.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118LapseOutput](docs/TransunionConsumer118LapseOutput.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118LapseVariableL401](docs/TransunionConsumer118LapseVariableL401.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118LicenceDetail](docs/TransunionConsumer118LicenceDetail.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118LinkagesLK](docs/TransunionConsumer118LinkagesLK.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118LinkedBusinessHeader](docs/TransunionConsumer118LinkedBusinessHeader.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118MMData](docs/TransunionConsumer118MMData.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationExtendedM8](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationExtendedM8.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationM701](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationM701.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationM703](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationM703.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationMP01](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationMP01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationMP03](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountInformationMP03.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountsInformationM901](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRAccountsInformationM901.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRConfirmationMR01](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRConfirmationMR01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRConfirmationMZ01](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRConfirmationMZ01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRCounterSegmentMC50](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRCounterSegmentMC50.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRCounterSeqmentMC01](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRCounterSeqmentMC01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLREnquiriesME01](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLREnquiriesME01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLREnquiryME50](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLREnquiryME50.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRSummaryMY01](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRSummaryMY01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NLRSummaryMY50](docs/TransunionConsumer118NLRSummaryMY50.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NatisDetailedVehicleInformationUU](docs/TransunionConsumer118NatisDetailedVehicleInformationUU.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NatisEnquiryHistoryUS](docs/TransunionConsumer118NatisEnquiryHistoryUS.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NatisInputVerificationUT](docs/TransunionConsumer118NatisInputVerificationUT.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NoticesNN07](docs/TransunionConsumer118NoticesNN07.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NoticesNN08](docs/TransunionConsumer118NoticesNN08.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NoticesNN10](docs/TransunionConsumer118NoticesNN10.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118NoticesNN11](docs/TransunionConsumer118NoticesNN11.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PLScorecardUL01](docs/TransunionConsumer118PLScorecardUL01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PackageDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118PackageDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaySlipDetailsResponse](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaySlipDetailsResponse.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentHistory](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentHistory.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentHistoryP9](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentHistoryP9.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileNP09](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileNP09.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileNP11](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileNP11.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileNP15](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileNP15.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP701](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP701.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP702](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP702.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP703](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP703.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP704](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP704.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP705](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP705.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP901](docs/TransunionConsumer118PaymentProfileP901.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PayslipInformation](docs/TransunionConsumer118PayslipInformation.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PersonalLiabiltyPL](docs/TransunionConsumer118PersonalLiabiltyPL.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PhoneNumber](docs/TransunionConsumer118PhoneNumber.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PhoneNumberDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118PhoneNumberDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PolicyCommentSegmentSZ](docs/TransunionConsumer118PolicyCommentSegmentSZ.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PolicyFilters](docs/TransunionConsumer118PolicyFilters.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PolicySummaryPS](docs/TransunionConsumer118PolicySummaryPS.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118PrincipalDeedsComprehensiveCA](docs/TransunionConsumer118PrincipalDeedsComprehensiveCA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118QualificationValidationNQ](docs/TransunionConsumer118QualificationValidationNQ.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118RenumerationEmployerDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118RenumerationEmployerDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ResponseStatus](docs/TransunionConsumer118ResponseStatus.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118RiskAddressOwnOtherActivePoliciesPA](docs/TransunionConsumer118RiskAddressOwnOtherActivePoliciesPA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118RiskAddressOwnOtherClaimDetails0to3yearsI3](docs/TransunionConsumer118RiskAddressOwnOtherClaimDetails0to3yearsI3.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118RiskAddressOwnOtherClaimDetails4to7yearsSR](docs/TransunionConsumer118RiskAddressOwnOtherClaimDetails4to7yearsSR.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118RiskAddressOwnOtherInactivePoliciesP3](docs/TransunionConsumer118RiskAddressOwnOtherInactivePoliciesP3.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118SAFPSNF01](docs/TransunionConsumer118SAFPSNF01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118SBC](docs/TransunionConsumer118SBC.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ScoreCardAC01](docs/TransunionConsumer118ScoreCardAC01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ScoreCardBX01](docs/TransunionConsumer118ScoreCardBX01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ScoreCardBX03](docs/TransunionConsumer118ScoreCardBX03.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ScorecardS101](docs/TransunionConsumer118ScorecardS101.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ScorecardS701](docs/TransunionConsumer118ScorecardS701.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ScorecardVariables](docs/TransunionConsumer118ScorecardVariables.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ServiceProviderSP](docs/TransunionConsumer118ServiceProviderSP.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchChars](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchChars.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsB101](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsB101.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsFA01](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsFA01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsFA02](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsFA02.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsFA03](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsFA03.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB04](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB07](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB07.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB13](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB13.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB18](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB18.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB19](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB19.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB25](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB25.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB27](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB27.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB30](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB30.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB33](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB33.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB37](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB37.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB40](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB40.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB99](docs/TransunionConsumer118StandardBatchCharsSB99.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118StrikeDateOutput](docs/TransunionConsumer118StrikeDateOutput.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118SuburbCodeGR01](docs/TransunionConsumer118SuburbCodeGR01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TRLTN01](docs/TransunionConsumer118TRLTN01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TRLTO01](docs/TransunionConsumer118TRLTO01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TRLTQ01](docs/TransunionConsumer118TRLTQ01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TRLVariableTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118TRLVariableTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUInputVerificationUV](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUInputVerificationUV.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleAlertRecordedVG](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleAlertRecordedVG.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleDetailsVL](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleDetailsVL.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleEnquiryHistoryVE](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleEnquiryHistoryVE.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleEstimateRecordedVF](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleEstimateRecordedVF.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleFinanceDetailsVB](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleFinanceDetailsVB.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleInsuranceClaimsRecordedVJ](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleInsuranceClaimsRecordedVJ.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleInsurancePoliciesRecordedVK](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleInsurancePoliciesRecordedVK.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleMileageRecordedVD](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleMileageRecordedVD.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehiclePreviousRegistrationDetailsVC](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehiclePreviousRegistrationDetailsVC.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleRegistrationAuthorityHistoryRecordedVI](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleRegistrationAuthorityHistoryRecordedVI.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleStolenRecordedVM](docs/TransunionConsumer118TUVehicleStolenRecordedVM.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TerminationDTO](docs/TransunionConsumer118TerminationDTO.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118ThirdPartyTP](docs/TransunionConsumer118ThirdPartyTP.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TicketSuccessConfirmationFR](docs/TransunionConsumer118TicketSuccessConfirmationFR.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TraceAlertTL](docs/TransunionConsumer118TraceAlertTL.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TraceAlertsNT04](docs/TransunionConsumer118TraceAlertsNT04.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TraceAlertsNT06](docs/TransunionConsumer118TraceAlertsNT06.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TraceAlertsNT07](docs/TransunionConsumer118TraceAlertsNT07.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TraceDetailsFullTE](docs/TransunionConsumer118TraceDetailsFullTE.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TraceDetailsTD](docs/TransunionConsumer118TraceDetailsTD.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TraceInformationTI](docs/TransunionConsumer118TraceInformationTI.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TraceMoreDetailsTM](docs/TransunionConsumer118TraceMoreDetailsTM.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118TraceRepeatDetailsTR](docs/TransunionConsumer118TraceRepeatDetailsTR.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118UniqueITCRef](docs/TransunionConsumer118UniqueITCRef.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118V1Seg](docs/TransunionConsumer118V1Seg.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118V1Segment](docs/TransunionConsumer118V1Segment.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118VehicleAlertVA](docs/TransunionConsumer118VehicleAlertVA.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118VehicleDataUZ01](docs/TransunionConsumer118VehicleDataUZ01.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118VehicleDetailsVH](docs/TransunionConsumer118VehicleDetailsVH.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118VehicleInformationUR](docs/TransunionConsumer118VehicleInformationUR.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnOtherActivePoliciesPV](docs/TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnOtherActivePoliciesPV.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnOtherClaimDetails0to3yearsI2](docs/TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnOtherClaimDetails0to3yearsI2.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnOtherClaimDetails4to7yearsSV](docs/TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnOtherClaimDetails4to7yearsSV.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnOtherInactivePoliciesP2](docs/TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnOtherInactivePoliciesP2.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnershipTitleHolderInformationUW](docs/TransunionConsumer118VehicleOwnershipTitleHolderInformationUW.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumerAddressSurnameRequest](docs/TransunionConsumerAddressSurnameRequest.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumerIdEnquiryRequest](docs/TransunionConsumerIdEnquiryRequest.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumerIdTraceRequest](docs/TransunionConsumerIdTraceRequest.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumerPassportEnquiryRequest](docs/TransunionConsumerPassportEnquiryRequest.md)
 - [Model.TransunionConsumerTelephoneTraceRequest](docs/TransunionConsumerTelephoneTraceRequest.md)
 - [Model.TransunionTelephoneType](docs/TransunionTelephoneType.md)
 - [Model.TransunionTraceReasonType](docs/TransunionTraceReasonType.md)
 - [Model.VericredContactInformation](docs/VericredContactInformation.md)
 - [Model.VericredIncomeEstimate](docs/VericredIncomeEstimate.md)
 - [Model.VericredPersonalVerification](docs/VericredPersonalVerification.md)
 - [Model.VericredVericredRequest](docs/VericredVericredRequest.md)
 - [Model.VerifyMatricCertificateRequest](docs/VerifyMatricCertificateRequest.md)
 - [Model.VerifyReferenceResponse](docs/VerifyReferenceResponse.md)
 - [Model.VerifyResultsCriminalCheckResultView](docs/VerifyResultsCriminalCheckResultView.md)
 - [Model.VerifyResultsCriminalEntry](docs/VerifyResultsCriminalEntry.md)
 - [Model.VerifyResultsDriversLicenceReportView](docs/VerifyResultsDriversLicenceReportView.md)
 - [Model.VerifyResultsMatricEntry](docs/VerifyResultsMatricEntry.md)
 - [Model.VerifyResultsMatricQualification](docs/VerifyResultsMatricQualification.md)
 - [Model.VerifyResultsMatricVerifyView](docs/VerifyResultsMatricVerifyView.md)
 - [Model.VerifyResultsProvincesEnum](docs/VerifyResultsProvincesEnum.md)
 - [Model.VerifyVerifyIdRequest](docs/VerifyVerifyIdRequest.md)
 - [Model.WebDatabaseTablesDriversResult](docs/WebDatabaseTablesDriversResult.md)
 - [Model.WebDatabaseTablesEnquiryStatus](docs/WebDatabaseTablesEnquiryStatus.md)
 - [Model.WebDatabaseTablesProvincesEnum](docs/WebDatabaseTablesProvincesEnum.md)
 - [Model.WebDatabaseTablesResultStatus](docs/WebDatabaseTablesResultStatus.md)
 - [Model.WebDatabaseTablesTUPurposes](docs/WebDatabaseTablesTUPurposes.md)
 - [Model.WindeedAgriculturalSearchRequest](docs/WindeedAgriculturalSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcAssociatedCompany](docs/WindeedCipcAssociatedCompany.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcAuditor](docs/WindeedCipcAuditor.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcAuditorProfession1](docs/WindeedCipcAuditorProfession1.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcBasicAddress](docs/WindeedCipcBasicAddress.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcCapital](docs/WindeedCipcCapital.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcCipcLookup](docs/WindeedCipcCipcLookup.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcCompanyInformation](docs/WindeedCipcCompanyInformation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcFinancials](docs/WindeedCipcFinancials.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcHistory](docs/WindeedCipcHistory.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcJuristicDirectorReportResponse](docs/WindeedCipcJuristicDirectorReportResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcJuristicMember](docs/WindeedCipcJuristicMember.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcNameMatching](docs/WindeedCipcNameMatching.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcNaturalDirectorReportResponse](docs/WindeedCipcNaturalDirectorReportResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcNaturalMember](docs/WindeedCipcNaturalMember.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcNaturalUberLink](docs/WindeedCipcNaturalUberLink.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcProxiesCompanyReportFlatten](docs/WindeedCipcProxiesCompanyReportFlatten.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcProxiesJurisitcOrNaturalReportResponse](docs/WindeedCipcProxiesJurisitcOrNaturalReportResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcProxiesNaturalOrJuristicMember](docs/WindeedCipcProxiesNaturalOrJuristicMember.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCipcRegistrationNumber](docs/WindeedCipcRegistrationNumber.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCompanySearchByNameRequest](docs/WindeedCompanySearchByNameRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCompanySearchByRegRequest](docs/WindeedCompanySearchByRegRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCompanySearchRequest](docs/WindeedCompanySearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedCompanySearchResponse](docs/WindeedCompanySearchResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedDeedsOffice](docs/WindeedDeedsOffice.md)
 - [Model.WindeedDirectorSearchRequest](docs/WindeedDirectorSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedErfSearchRequest](docs/WindeedErfSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedErfToStreetRequest](docs/WindeedErfToStreetRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedErfValuationRequest](docs/WindeedErfValuationRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedFarmSearchRemainingExtentRequest](docs/WindeedFarmSearchRemainingExtentRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedFarmSearchRequest](docs/WindeedFarmSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedFarmValuationRequest](docs/WindeedFarmValuationRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedKnowledgeFactoryErfToStreetResponse](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryErfToStreetResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedKnowledgeFactoryRegistrar](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryRegistrar.md)
 - [Model.WindeedKnowledgeFactorySectionalSchemeToStreetResponse](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactorySectionalSchemeToStreetResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedKnowledgeFactoryStreetToErfResponse](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryStreetToErfResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedKnowledgeFactoryStreetType](docs/WindeedKnowledgeFactoryStreetType.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneAmenity](docs/WindeedLightstoneAmenity.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneBond](docs/WindeedLightstoneBond.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneComparativeSaleFarm](docs/WindeedLightstoneComparativeSaleFarm.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneComparativeSaleFreehold](docs/WindeedLightstoneComparativeSaleFreehold.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneComparativeSaleUnit](docs/WindeedLightstoneComparativeSaleUnit.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneConfidenceLevel](docs/WindeedLightstoneConfidenceLevel.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneFarm](docs/WindeedLightstoneFarm.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneFreehold](docs/WindeedLightstoneFreehold.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneLastSale](docs/WindeedLightstoneLastSale.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneMunicipalValuation](docs/WindeedLightstoneMunicipalValuation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneOwner](docs/WindeedLightstoneOwner.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneOwnerType](docs/WindeedLightstoneOwnerType.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneProxiesComparativeSaleFarmOrFreeHoldOrUnit](docs/WindeedLightstoneProxiesComparativeSaleFarmOrFreeHoldOrUnit.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneProxiesFarmOrFreeholdOrUnit](docs/WindeedLightstoneProxiesFarmOrFreeholdOrUnit.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneProxiesLightstoneValuationFullResponseFlatten](docs/WindeedLightstoneProxiesLightstoneValuationFullResponseFlatten.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneProxiesLightstoneValuationShortResponseFlatten](docs/WindeedLightstoneProxiesLightstoneValuationShortResponseFlatten.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneRegistrar](docs/WindeedLightstoneRegistrar.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneTransfer](docs/WindeedLightstoneTransfer.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneUnit](docs/WindeedLightstoneUnit.md)
 - [Model.WindeedLightstoneValuation](docs/WindeedLightstoneValuation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeBaseOwnerResponse](docs/WindeedOfficeBaseOwnerResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeDataSource](docs/WindeedOfficeDataSource.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeDocument](docs/WindeedOfficeDocument.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeDocumentResponse](docs/WindeedOfficeDocumentResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeEndorsementDocument](docs/WindeedOfficeEndorsementDocument.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeHistoricDocument](docs/WindeedOfficeHistoricDocument.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficePersonResponse](docs/WindeedOfficePersonResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeProperty](docs/WindeedOfficeProperty.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeProxiesAgriculturalHoldingPortionItem](docs/WindeedOfficeProxiesAgriculturalHoldingPortionItem.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeProxiesErfPortionItem](docs/WindeedOfficeProxiesErfPortionItem.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeProxiesFarmPortionItem](docs/WindeedOfficeProxiesFarmPortionItem.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeProxiesSectionalSchemeUnit](docs/WindeedOfficeProxiesSectionalSchemeUnit.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeRegistrar](docs/WindeedOfficeRegistrar.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeSummaryProperty](docs/WindeedOfficeSummaryProperty.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeSummaryTitleDeed](docs/WindeedOfficeSummaryTitleDeed.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficeTitleDeedOwner](docs/WindeedOfficeTitleDeedOwner.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1EndorsementDocument](docs/WindeedOfficev1EndorsementDocument.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1HistoricDocument](docs/WindeedOfficev1HistoricDocument.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1PropertyDetail](docs/WindeedOfficev1PropertyDetail.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1PropertyResponse](docs/WindeedOfficev1PropertyResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1ProxiesFarmPortionListItem](docs/WindeedOfficev1ProxiesFarmPortionListItem.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1ProxiesFarmSearchResult](docs/WindeedOfficev1ProxiesFarmSearchResult.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1Registrar](docs/WindeedOfficev1Registrar.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1Supplier](docs/WindeedOfficev1Supplier.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1SupplierMode](docs/WindeedOfficev1SupplierMode.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1TitleDeed](docs/WindeedOfficev1TitleDeed.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOfficev1TitleDeedOwner](docs/WindeedOfficev1TitleDeedOwner.md)
 - [Model.WindeedOwnerReferencedItem](docs/WindeedOwnerReferencedItem.md)
 - [Model.WindeedPersonSearchRequest](docs/WindeedPersonSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSchemaToSteetRequest](docs/WindeedSchemaToSteetRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSchemaValuationRequest](docs/WindeedSchemaValuationRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderAgriculturalHolding](docs/WindeedSpiderAgriculturalHolding.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderAssociation](docs/WindeedSpiderAssociation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderCompanyAssociation](docs/WindeedSpiderCompanyAssociation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderCompanyNameSearchRequest](docs/WindeedSpiderCompanyNameSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderCompanyRegSearchRequest](docs/WindeedSpiderCompanyRegSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderCompanySubject](docs/WindeedSpiderCompanySubject.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderDSCollectionOfAssociation](docs/WindeedSpiderDSCollectionOfAssociation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderDSCollectionOfDocument](docs/WindeedSpiderDSCollectionOfDocument.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderDSCollectionOfPossibleMatch](docs/WindeedSpiderDSCollectionOfPossibleMatch.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderDSCollectionOfProperty](docs/WindeedSpiderDSCollectionOfProperty.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderDocument](docs/WindeedSpiderDocument.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderDocumentGroup](docs/WindeedSpiderDocumentGroup.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderErf](docs/WindeedSpiderErf.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderExclusiveUseArea](docs/WindeedSpiderExclusiveUseArea.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderFarm](docs/WindeedSpiderFarm.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderOwner](docs/WindeedSpiderOwner.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderPersonAssociation](docs/WindeedSpiderPersonAssociation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderPersonSearchRequest](docs/WindeedSpiderPersonSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderPersonSubject](docs/WindeedSpiderPersonSubject.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderPersonType](docs/WindeedSpiderPersonType.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderPossibleMatch](docs/WindeedSpiderPossibleMatch.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderProperty](docs/WindeedSpiderProperty.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderProxiesCompanyOrPersonSubject](docs/WindeedSpiderProxiesCompanyOrPersonSubject.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderProxiesDSCollectionOfPersonOrCompanyAssociation](docs/WindeedSpiderProxiesDSCollectionOfPersonOrCompanyAssociation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderProxiesDSCollectionOfPropertyFlatten](docs/WindeedSpiderProxiesDSCollectionOfPropertyFlatten.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderProxiesPersonOrCompanyAssociation](docs/WindeedSpiderProxiesPersonOrCompanyAssociation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderProxiesPropertyFlatten](docs/WindeedSpiderProxiesPropertyFlatten.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderProxiesSpiderResponseFlatten](docs/WindeedSpiderProxiesSpiderResponseFlatten.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderRegistrar](docs/WindeedSpiderRegistrar.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderSpiderResponse](docs/WindeedSpiderSpiderResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderSubject](docs/WindeedSpiderSubject.md)
 - [Model.WindeedSpiderUnit](docs/WindeedSpiderUnit.md)
 - [Model.WindeedStreetToErfRequest](docs/WindeedStreetToErfRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedUnitSearchRequest](docs/WindeedUnitSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedUnitType](docs/WindeedUnitType.md)
 - [Model.WindeedValuationResponse](docs/WindeedValuationResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprAmenity](docs/WindeedWprAmenity.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprComparativeSale](docs/WindeedWprComparativeSale.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprCoordinate](docs/WindeedWprCoordinate.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprEndorsementDocument](docs/WindeedWprEndorsementDocument.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprErfSearchRequest](docs/WindeedWprErfSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprFoundResponse](docs/WindeedWprFoundResponse.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprGeneralInformation](docs/WindeedWprGeneralInformation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprHistoricDocument](docs/WindeedWprHistoricDocument.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprInternalFinishes](docs/WindeedWprInternalFinishes.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprListing](docs/WindeedWprListing.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprMunicipalValuation](docs/WindeedWprMunicipalValuation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprOtherImprovements](docs/WindeedWprOtherImprovements.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprPendingSale](docs/WindeedWprPendingSale.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprPropertyInformation](docs/WindeedWprPropertyInformation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprPropertyType](docs/WindeedWprPropertyType.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprPropertyTypeFlags](docs/WindeedWprPropertyTypeFlags.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprPropertyZone](docs/WindeedWprPropertyZone.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprRegistrar](docs/WindeedWprRegistrar.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprRoofType](docs/WindeedWprRoofType.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprRoomConfiguration](docs/WindeedWprRoomConfiguration.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprSchemaSearchRequest](docs/WindeedWprSchemaSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprStreetType](docs/WindeedWprStreetType.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprSuburbTrend](docs/WindeedWprSuburbTrend.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprSuburbTrendGraph](docs/WindeedWprSuburbTrendGraph.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprTitleDeedOwner](docs/WindeedWprTitleDeedOwner.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprTransferHistory](docs/WindeedWprTransferHistory.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprTrendDataForPropertyTypes](docs/WindeedWprTrendDataForPropertyTypes.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprUpdatablePropertyConfiguration](docs/WindeedWprUpdatablePropertyConfiguration.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprUpdatableStreetInformation](docs/WindeedWprUpdatableStreetInformation.md)
 - [Model.WindeedWprWallType](docs/WindeedWprWallType.md)
 - [Model.XTraceSearchRequest](docs/XTraceSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsAKANames](docs/XdsAKANames.md)
 - [Model.XdsAccountTraceRequest](docs/XdsAccountTraceRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsAccountTypeLegend](docs/XdsAccountTypeLegend.md)
 - [Model.XdsAccountTypes](docs/XdsAccountTypes.md)
 - [Model.XdsAccountVerificationResult](docs/XdsAccountVerificationResult.md)
 - [Model.XdsBankVerificationBusinessRequest](docs/XdsBankVerificationBusinessRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsBankVerificationIDRequest](docs/XdsBankVerificationIDRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsBankVerificationPassportRequest](docs/XdsBankVerificationPassportRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsBioMetricVerificationResult](docs/XdsBioMetricVerificationResult.md)
 - [Model.XdsBiometricResultRequest](docs/XdsBiometricResultRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsBiometricSearchRequest](docs/XdsBiometricSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsBusinessEnquiryHistory](docs/XdsBusinessEnquiryHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsBusinessInterests](docs/XdsBusinessInterests.md)
 - [Model.XdsBusinessNameRequest](docs/XdsBusinessNameRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsBusinessRegNumberRequest](docs/XdsBusinessRegNumberRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsBusinessRescue](docs/XdsBusinessRescue.md)
 - [Model.XdsBusinessSoleProp](docs/XdsBusinessSoleProp.md)
 - [Model.XdsBusinessVatRequest](docs/XdsBusinessVatRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsChangeHistoryInformation](docs/XdsChangeHistoryInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCollectionConsumerSummary](docs/XdsCollectionConsumerSummary.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercial](docs/XdsCommercial.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialAccountVerification](docs/XdsCommercialAccountVerification.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialAddressHistory](docs/XdsCommercialAddressHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialAddressInformation](docs/XdsCommercialAddressInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialAuditorInformation](docs/XdsCommercialAuditorInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialBankCodeHistory](docs/XdsCommercialBankCodeHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialBusinessInformation](docs/XdsCommercialBusinessInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialCompanyInformation](docs/XdsCommercialCompanyInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialContactHistory](docs/XdsCommercialContactHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialDefaultAlert](docs/XdsCommercialDefaultAlert.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialDirectorInformation](docs/XdsCommercialDirectorInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialJudgmentSummary](docs/XdsCommercialJudgmentSummary.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialPossibleJudgment](docs/XdsCommercialPossibleJudgment.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialPossibleName](docs/XdsCommercialPossibleName.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialPrincipalInfoSummary](docs/XdsCommercialPrincipalInfoSummary.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialPrincipalInformation](docs/XdsCommercialPrincipalInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialPropertyInformation](docs/XdsCommercialPropertyInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialScoring](docs/XdsCommercialScoring.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialTelephoneInformation](docs/XdsCommercialTelephoneInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialTradeReferencesInformation](docs/XdsCommercialTradeReferencesInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsCommercialVATInformation](docs/XdsCommercialVATInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsConfirmedLinkage](docs/XdsConfirmedLinkage.md)
 - [Model.XdsConfirmedLinkages](docs/XdsConfirmedLinkages.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumer](docs/XdsConsumer.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumer24MonthlyPayment](docs/XdsConsumer24MonthlyPayment.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumer24MonthlyPaymentHeader](docs/XdsConsumer24MonthlyPaymentHeader.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerAccountGoodBadSummary](docs/XdsConsumerAccountGoodBadSummary.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerAccountStatus](docs/XdsConsumerAccountStatus.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerAddressConfirmation](docs/XdsConsumerAddressConfirmation.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerAddressHistory](docs/XdsConsumerAddressHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerAddressHistoryLite](docs/XdsConsumerAddressHistoryLite.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerAdminOrder](docs/XdsConsumerAdminOrder.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerAdverseInfo](docs/XdsConsumerAdverseInfo.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerAffordability](docs/XdsConsumerAffordability.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerBonusSelected](docs/XdsConsumerBonusSelected.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerContactConfirmation](docs/XdsConsumerContactConfirmation.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerCreditEnquiryIdRequest](docs/XdsConsumerCreditEnquiryIdRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerCreditEnquiryNamesRequest](docs/XdsConsumerCreditEnquiryNamesRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerCreditEnquiryPassportRequest](docs/XdsConsumerCreditEnquiryPassportRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerDebtReviewStatus](docs/XdsConsumerDebtReviewStatus.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerDebtSummary](docs/XdsConsumerDebtSummary.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerDefaultAlert](docs/XdsConsumerDefaultAlert.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerDefinition](docs/XdsConsumerDefinition.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerDetail](docs/XdsConsumerDetail.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerDirectorShipLink](docs/XdsConsumerDirectorShipLink.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerDirectorSummary](docs/XdsConsumerDirectorSummary.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerEmailHistory](docs/XdsConsumerEmailHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerEmploymentConfirmation](docs/XdsConsumerEmploymentConfirmation.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerEmploymentHistory](docs/XdsConsumerEmploymentHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerEnquiryHistory](docs/XdsConsumerEnquiryHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerFraudIndicatorsSummary](docs/XdsConsumerFraudIndicatorsSummary.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerIdentityVerification](docs/XdsConsumerIdentityVerification.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerLite](docs/XdsConsumerLite.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerMaritalStatusEnquiry](docs/XdsConsumerMaritalStatusEnquiry.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerNameHistory](docs/XdsConsumerNameHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerOtherContactInfoAddress](docs/XdsConsumerOtherContactInfoAddress.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerOtherContactInfoTelephone](docs/XdsConsumerOtherContactInfoTelephone.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerPropertyInformation](docs/XdsConsumerPropertyInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerPropertyInformationSummary](docs/XdsConsumerPropertyInformationSummary.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerRehabilitationOrder](docs/XdsConsumerRehabilitationOrder.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerScoring](docs/XdsConsumerScoring.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerSequestration](docs/XdsConsumerSequestration.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerTelephoneHistory](docs/XdsConsumerTelephoneHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerTelephoneHistoryLite](docs/XdsConsumerTelephoneHistoryLite.md)
 - [Model.XdsConsumerTelephoneLinkage](docs/XdsConsumerTelephoneLinkage.md)
 - [Model.XdsCreditActiveNess](docs/XdsCreditActiveNess.md)
 - [Model.XdsDirector](docs/XdsDirector.md)
 - [Model.XdsDirectorAddressHistory](docs/XdsDirectorAddressHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsDirectorContactHistory](docs/XdsDirectorContactHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsDirectorDebtReview](docs/XdsDirectorDebtReview.md)
 - [Model.XdsDirectorDefaultAlert](docs/XdsDirectorDefaultAlert.md)
 - [Model.XdsDirectorEnquiryHistory](docs/XdsDirectorEnquiryHistory.md)
 - [Model.XdsDirectorJudgments](docs/XdsDirectorJudgments.md)
 - [Model.XdsDirectorMatchRequest](docs/XdsDirectorMatchRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsDirectorPropertyInterests](docs/XdsDirectorPropertyInterests.md)
 - [Model.XdsEasySearchType](docs/XdsEasySearchType.md)
 - [Model.XdsEasyTraceRequest](docs/XdsEasyTraceRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsFingerIndex](docs/XdsFingerIndex.md)
 - [Model.XdsHanis1BioMetricVerificationResult](docs/XdsHanis1BioMetricVerificationResult.md)
 - [Model.XdsHomeAffairs](docs/XdsHomeAffairs.md)
 - [Model.XdsIDVerificationRequest](docs/XdsIDVerificationRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsIndustryPayments](docs/XdsIndustryPayments.md)
 - [Model.XdsJudgment](docs/XdsJudgment.md)
 - [Model.XdsKYCOnline](docs/XdsKYCOnline.md)
 - [Model.XdsKYCResult](docs/XdsKYCResult.md)
 - [Model.XdsLinkage](docs/XdsLinkage.md)
 - [Model.XdsLinkageReportRequest](docs/XdsLinkageReportRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsLinkageSearch](docs/XdsLinkageSearch.md)
 - [Model.XdsLinkageSearchRequest](docs/XdsLinkageSearchRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsManufacturerSpecification](docs/XdsManufacturerSpecification.md)
 - [Model.XdsMaritalStatusRequest](docs/XdsMaritalStatusRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsMarketPrices](docs/XdsMarketPrices.md)
 - [Model.XdsMarketStat](docs/XdsMarketStat.md)
 - [Model.XdsMarketStats](docs/XdsMarketStats.md)
 - [Model.XdsPaymentGAP](docs/XdsPaymentGAP.md)
 - [Model.XdsPoliceInformation](docs/XdsPoliceInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsRealTimeIDV](docs/XdsRealTimeIDV.md)
 - [Model.XdsRealTimeMaritalCheck](docs/XdsRealTimeMaritalCheck.md)
 - [Model.XdsRegistrationNo](docs/XdsRegistrationNo.md)
 - [Model.XdsReportInformation](docs/XdsReportInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsResultFile](docs/XdsResultFile.md)
 - [Model.XdsSubscriberInputDetails](docs/XdsSubscriberInputDetails.md)
 - [Model.XdsTraceAddressPostalRequest](docs/XdsTraceAddressPostalRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsTraceAddressStreetRequest](docs/XdsTraceAddressStreetRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsTraceIdRequest](docs/XdsTraceIdRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsTraceTelephoneRequest](docs/XdsTraceTelephoneRequest.md)
 - [Model.XdsTradeInformation](docs/XdsTradeInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsVehicleInformation](docs/XdsVehicleInformation.md)
 - [Model.XdsXDSPaymentNotification](docs/XdsXDSPaymentNotification.md)
 - [Model.XdsXdsEnquiryReason](docs/XdsXdsEnquiryReason.md)
 - [Model.XdsXdsIncomePredictorResponse](docs/XdsXdsIncomePredictorResponse.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="Bearer"></a>
### Bearer

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header

